what's going on guys this is beer caps
here bringing you a little comparison
unboxing of some fake power beats and
some real power beats to wireless so
this is a product that's not faked a lot
or if it is it hasn't really been
discovered I haven't seen any fake
comparisons on YouTube so then the first
to do this I will let you know that the
one on the left has already been open
but I'm going to on by repackaging I'm
going to unbox and compare it to the
real one that hasn't been open that I
just purchased from Bub's Best Buy so
this one's definitely legitimate so I'm
going to compare the insides of these
packaging right now and see if we can
find any discrepancies because to be
honest this box looks pretty spot-on I'm
just going to pull this tab off and okay
right away you can see that this little
tab here that pulls up yeah it's
supposed to help pull up the box and
there's nothing like that on this one it
was really difficult to get that up so
that came without that the tab kind of
just peeled off it's kind of pointless
so that's the first thing I noticed so
I'll try say on the side get a little
better lighting for you but anyway
here's that tab that I was talking about
this one looks like it has a tab but
it's just a little white lining there's
no tab there so I actually I forgot
first let's compare these boxes and this
was why it was so difficult for me is
these boxes are spot-on they have been
doing a really good job over there
taking the original design and applying
it so on the left you can see it's just
a tiny bit darker but I mean just barely
like this contrast is a little lighter
than this but just barely I mean all the
words line up everything is in the right
place so you can see there I mean
everything is almost spot-on there's a
serial numbers for you and another thing
on the serial number of the fake ones um
this was just like I'll beat up on the
bottom it wasn't properly attached like
this one it's one securely fastened it's
not going anywhere
so there's that so let's go ahead and
compare these so let's open them up
so obviously some little things going to
be different because this one was
already open so I didn't correctly
package that so let's pop this up so
it's kind of tangled in there alright so
that stops right there I'm not sure if
it's supposed to do that or not
stops right there from opening and you
can pop them out here so let's see if
that part isn't different
okay Wow
first discrepancy here on the real on
the right we have little tabs protecting
the insides of the earphones and there's
nothing on the fake one and I didn't
alter these boxes in any way just
repackage them the one on the left and
the one on the right is completely new
all right discrepancy number two here we
go I just pull off around every right so
this one has little tabs sealing that
little hole shut and the fakes do not
have tabs if you can see that so let's
pop these real ones out of here alright
and there you got two so this comes all
the way open this one stops from opening
there you go subscribe see there so
let's set this behind them respective
locations and again I think I messed up
the order here of how this was packaged
I think the order was good and then I
open the earbuds obviously so okay but
this is not my mistake so this package
here only included the there's a little
piece of double-sided tape that is
obviously fake I think this was in there
like that
so just attach a little double-sided
tape and it removed so I get that out of
there so here's the cord pop those aside
hear the earbuds from what I can see the
earbuds look pretty legit now we're
going to see a discrepancy there dropped
on the floor right so here's those
earbuds set those here right now let's
keep going with the real one so the case
the case shouldn't have any
in it obviously that's the same see if
there's a difference between these cases
so both of them came locked in that
position there to start can't tell a
difference in the cases the real one on
the right
no okay yeah there there's a little tiny
so the real one on the right when it's
closed you can see how the zipper is
still visible whereas on the left the
zipper goes away so that's fake on the
left still like I said real on the right
I could put these back in their
respective locations all right let's
keep going with the real box because
we're done with empty box there's no
more containers so to compare the this
should have the USB cable and the
earphones I believe yep okay so we have
that's all the digits okay so the
double-sided piece of tape is actually
what the real ones use so that's
accurate this whole box looks pretty
accurate but on the fake box we did not
have an additional box here so stick
that out and actually it's not an
additional box it is a tab for the
booklet on fake ones see here we do not
have a table all right yes we do we have
to have my fault there and the tabs are
identical so don't look for that that's
my fault there everything looks
identical with the booklets let's open
this packaging up see if we can find and
once again guys this is all alive so
this is new to me as I'm doing this
trying to compare the discrepancies see
if I can have anything currently no
argument with the person I bought this
with on eBay
trying to figure out how I'm going to
get my refund back because these are
fake
and not only that I didn't mention this
but the fake ones arrived effective I
would not have known wiser if they
hadn't arrived in fact I like like I
said these are so good
well faked so set that there so look
let's stick your number down there not
sure what that is
powerbeats2 Wireless compare these
booklets here see if there's any
difference here again I already open on
the bright that's why there's no tape
over there future both these booklets
Quick Start Guide Wow I mean everything
is just really well faked so I mean
there you have it everything except for
a little bit of tape discrepancy when
you're first open the box identical so
guys be careful when you're ordering on
ebay make sure it's authentic ask for a
receipt if there's an RC it's probably
fake if the price is too good it's
probably too good to be true so guys
that's my comparison video make sure
you're buying real headphones